--- 
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Sumire
author: stacey
author_login: stacey
wordpress_id: 1877
wordpress_url: http://blog.staceycardoso.com/?p=1877
date: 2013-03-28 02:28:04 +08:00
categories: 
- personal
tags: 
- novels
- murakami
comments: []

---
<blockquote>In the spring of her twenty-second year, Sumire fell in love for the first time in her life. An intense love, a veritable tornado sweeping across the plains—flattening everything in its path, tossing things up in the air, ripping them to shreds, crushing them to bits. The tornado's intensity doesn't abate for a second as it blasts across the ocean, laying waste to Angkor Wat, incinerating an Indian jungle, tigers and all, transforming itself into a Persian desert sandstorm, burying an exotic fortress city under a sea of sand. In short, a love of truly monumental proportions. The person she fell in love with happened to be seventeen years older than Sumire. And was married. And, I should add, was a woman. This is where it all began, and where it all wound up. Almost.</blockquote>
<p style="text-align: right;"><a href="http://www.nytimes.com/books/first/m/murakami-01sputnik.html" target="_blank">- Sputnik Sweetheart, Haruki Murakami</a></p>
I don't think this will ever be surpassed as my favorite opening line to a novel, ever. It describes how Sumire fell in love in great detail and only belatedly adds that she fell for another woman as if this detail is not important.

In a perfect society, it shouldn't be.

I want to read this novel again and focus less about Sumire and Miu. I feel that when I read this novel the first time, my point of view was biased because of the many parallels it had with how things were with my reality. I think I missed a lot of things, especially with K.

My copy is lost, by the way. If you have it, please give it back to me.
